it's Saturday everyone's either passed
out from last night or gone for the
weekend D morning
whoa getters is it too soon to give us a
label yet cuz I don't want to move too
fast so let me know in the comments down
below but everyone on YouTube always
shows you a college day in the life and
it's all work no play so today I'm gonna
show you what a weekend is like in
college all right let's start off with
our morning workout
[Music]
that's 500 steps this morning I'm
training for what I have to do tonight
but uh it's so cold my nipples are
turning into icicles now usually I don't
go for runs just go workout in the gym
but you know it's nice to get out once
in a while enjoy the nature so we can
start exploring
all right time to actually study I'm
gonna try to get this se done in the
morning so I have to think about
anything in the afternoon I'm too
worried so I can just go wild we all say
that but I will see about the progress
[Music]
oh [ __ ] really no okay
I'll be there I'm gonna see ya yeah that
was my really good friend Alex you
audition for the rap of China about a
week ago now he's in the final so I'm
done studying for now I'm gonna go to
watch his audition after a long ride Oh
they never go with some bags let me
stick with my stacks
always ready
let's go what are you wrapping today my
rap is not really a rap this is a mix of
my life experiences all into one perform
in why it's gonna be crazy man you know
we green-green up for that Green Green
Green Green Green Green Goblin so we're
at the rapper China competition for them
[Music]
[Applause]
I
[Music]
[Applause]
Meachem banda welcome Bob woman don't
wake him Bob he's over already
now here's what the judge had to say
zorkin the tip for Ali's to cheer him up
I'm gonna go eat some tasty hot pot so
we just finished for rapid China and my
boy right now we're having some shampoo
Hawker interns Unni hi ela and then in
the afternoon we're gonna go to the
beach work mom fire fire bomb play let's
get
[Music]
[Applause]
so wreckage is actually a nude beach so
to do that as I said this is a nude
beach and Mandy over here just saw her
first ever penis how was that experience
[Music]
all right Alex we're gonna have some
deep thoughts you as our day is coming
to an end the bonfire is about a start
[Music]
College is all about finding friends
that you actually like bound by your 30
or 50 classmates like in high school
there's like 50,000 people it's a small
town at UBC we can choose to hang out
with whoever you want and when you
really do find those friends who care
about you who come out to support you
love hanging out with share a common
vision investing that because it will go
a long way to make your university
career a lot a lot better yeah
wait what is it how do you get into
Harvard right
[Laughter]
[Music]
140 nice teamwork a scene where I know
some of you might not be able to find
friends that you like right now but the
thing about half for university is I am
your friend all these people who are in
my videos are your friends can PM them
on Instagram talk to them we're a group
of like-minded individuals who are going
to achieve all that they're capable of
enroll now limited applicants only by
the way we are drinking water this is
straight-up h2o so Cheers
[Music]
starting guys thank you for coming along
with me on this college weekend I hope
you have fun I definitely had fun
subscribe to enroll in the hafu
University's 103 watch another video day
in the life peace out climbing up the
stairs